hey what's up guys it's eliminated here
of dark horse mafia and I'm gonna be
bringing you a really weird spot on the
reef and from the title you could tell
it's the journey to the bottom of the
river so this is how you start it you
spawn on the reef and you go all the way
over here next to the right of the
Queen's guards it's just a little crate
right here you just try to jump on top
now it might be a little hard I'm not
sure probably a hunter I'm guessing but
I did this on my Titan so anyway yeah as
you can see it's sort of a bitch but
what you want to do is to get on that
rail jump on a little edge of the big
one and jump on the top once you're
there go forward until you trust sort of
thrust on the wall until you land on the
bottom and there you go you're one of
the really really cool kids who come
here for no reason now here's the really
weird part about it you could only
pretty much stay next to the wall
because as soon as you will see there's
a barrier right here where I'm jumping
and when you run back there is the same
exact barrier there as well uh but so
yeah you know pretty much you just keep
trying until you get it like it was hard
for me a couple of the first time I was
like what the hell this is stupid but
you can see that was a very very bad
attempt and I don't want to talk about
it any further
so yeah you thrust on the wall jump down
and yep there you go you're one of the
cool kids
another thing you can't really go
forward like into the abyss over there
not a best but yes it's pretty pretty
stupid so don't do that
but yeah but again really this is just
the whole point of this glitch I'm not
gonna sell whatever spies just for your
own enjoyment or when you're with your
friends they're gonna go what how'd you
get there show me show me show so you
know I mean it's a pretty funny spot
it's fun spot I mean I don't think
they're gonna patch this cuz it's not
really uh you know a really crazy spot
as you can see my friend right there
oh just decided to be one of those
really really cool guys just standing
there where no one cares about us
and he pushes me like an asshole but one
thing you will always never get tired
always don't never get tired of is your
friends trying to come down here it's
gonna be the best part and you got
anyway guys this is gonna be the end of
this really dumb tutorial I'm gonna get
out of here so enjoy leave a like
subscribe and comment for more videos
and remember dr. Chris Maki loves ya